In brief: This is my project for managing hospital systems.
Features:
Online Examination booking: 
Patients can visit website and fill form with their information like Name, phone number, email (if they had one) and hospital department like 
(Surgical department ,Paramedical department…..etc) he wanted to examined in.

Departments:
This feature makes you able to add, update or delete departments in your hospital because in the future your hospital may be big and you want to add new departments so you can do that.
Employees:
This feature allows you to add employees and categorize them like:
 • Doctor: You can all add information about doctor, his field, his years experience and also his examination price.
 • Nurse: It is about nurses working with doctors or nurse who arrange dates with patients and allows you to define their salary.
Patients: This feature is all about patients, in online examination booking people can book online ,but in this feature they can come to hospital, talk to assistant and take date with doctor.
You can also add patient status and medicine to save it in hospital database so if patient forget his prescription nurse can find it in hospital database and bring it.
You can also get reports about patient like his history in hospital, medicine he took every time to hospital, doctors who examined him and their opinion in his situation.
You can get patient bill after examination.
If any patient status requires operation you can add doctors, nurses required for this operation. 
Security: This feature allows you to have an account in hospital website and some authorization in update or delete any information from database, people with admin roles can do any thing, users can also show doctors or online booking, hospital employees can update or add patients info not delete.
Search: This feature allows you to search for patient, doctors, nurses, managers, workers or persons who registered this website to reach them and their information easily.In brief: This is my project for managing hospital systems. Features: Online Examination booking: Patients can visit website and fill form with their information like Name, phone number, email (if they had one) and hospital department like (Surgical department ,Paramedical department…..etc) he wanted to examined in. Departments: This feature makes you able to add, update or delete departments in your hospital because in the future your hospital may be big and you want to add new departments so you can do that. Employees: This feature allows you to add employees and categorize them like: • Doctor: You can all add information about doctor, his field, his years experience and also his examination price. • Nurse: It is about nurses working with doctors or nurse who arrange dates with patients and allows you to define their salary. Patients: This feature is all about patients, in online examination booking people can book online ,but in this feature they can come to hospital, talk to assistant and take date with doctor. You can also add patient status and medicine to save it in hospital database so if patient forget his prescription nurse can find it in hospital database and bring it. You can also get reports about patient like his history in hospital, medicine he took every time to hospital, doctors who examined him and their opinion in his situation. You can get patient bill after examination. If any patient status requires operation you can add doctors, nurses required for this operation. Security: This feature allows you to have an account in hospital website and some authorization in update or delete any information from database, people with admin roles can do any thing, users can also show doctors or online booking, hospital employees can update or add patients info not delete. Search: This feature allows you to search for patient, doctors, nurses, managers, workers or persons who registered this website to reach them and their information easily.
Skills: Programming Languages · Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) · Server Side · Web Applications · Web Development · Programming · Relational Databases · SQL · Spring Boot · Spring Framework · Software Development · Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) · MySQL · Database Design · Algorithms · Databases · Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) · Back-end Operations · Server Side Programming · Web Application Development · Java · Back-End Web Development
